Useful perks can be purchased from the shopkeeper to the left.
Tap and hold to learn more information about something.
The more rounds of combat you survive, the more perks you can unlock.
The Map perk allows you to view the upcoming battlefield.
The Spies perk allows you to know your enemy's exact stats.
The Reroll perk allows you to choose from a new list of heroes. 
The first time you use the Reroll perk each round is free, subsequent uses will cost you.
The Sabotage perk will cause some enemies to come into battle injured.
The Tactics perk allows you to control where your heroes spawn.
You can use the Tactics perk to keep injured heroes out of a fight.
The Renew perk will heal your most damaged hero after each fight.
The Learning perk will give each of your heroes experience for surviving a fight.
The Training perk will allow you to hire more experienced heroes.
Consider using your leftover gold to purchase perks.
Stronger heroes are more expensive. Heroes skilled with special abilities also cost more.
You can use the altitude of terrain to prevent ranged attacks.
Hills provide heroes with a defensive advantage.
Mountains provide heroes with a defensive advantage, but can be slow to traverse.
Forests can be slow to navigate, but can help heroes to evade attacks.
Sand is slow to navigate, and can prevent heroes from dodging attacks.
Ash is slow to navigate and also reduces a hero's defence and evasion.
Special abilities can be very helpful when fighting heavily armoured enemies.
Leveling up will fully heal a hero.
Spearmen with the Vault ability can be extremely mobile despite rugged terrain.
Spearmen with the Thrust ability are best used when their targets is backed against a wall.
The Spearman's mobility and range make it an extremely versatile hero.
Footmen with the Shield Bash ability can stun enemies to pick up easy kills.
Footmen with the Block ability make a very solid front line.
The Footman's durability and raw damage make it a solid defensive hero.
Knights with the Joust ability do increased damage the more they move before attacking.
Knights with the Sturdy ability will can survive normally lethal damage.
The Knight's mobility and power make it great for picking off enemies.
Archers with the Snipe ability can do massive damage to single targets.
Archers with the Power Shot ability can greatly weaken enemies in a tight formation.
Archers are powerful but fragile, use your other heroes and the terrain to keep them safe.
Priests will always have some ability.
The strength of a Priest's Heal is dependent on it's attack.
The effectiveness of a Priest's Scholarly teachings is dependent on it's attack.
Priests with the Heal ability can provide consistent healing at the cost of experience.
Priests with the Rebirth ability can provide large bursts of healing from a save distance.
Priests with the Scholar ability can provide massive experience over many rounds of combat.
Priests with the Scholar ability can still be useful healers, by making your heroes level up.
Priests can be vital to keeping your army healthy over many fights.
Mages with the Teleport ability can save stranded heroes or trap enemies.
Mages with the Chain Lightning ability can deal a large burst of damage to clustered enemies.
Mages are powerful but fragile, use your other heroes and the terrain to keep them safe.
Archers and Mages cannot attack adjacent enemies, keep them at a distance.
Burst down stronger enemies with your special abilities before they wear down your heroes.
The Training perk is vital for replacing your fallen heroes in later rounds.
Sometimes it is wise to hire cheap and expendable heroes to keep your veterans safe.
As you survive more fights, you may end up on more difficult battlegrounds.
The Snipe and Chain Lightning abilities can be targeted at any enemy.
The Teleport and Power Shot abilities can be used on both allies and enemies.
The Attack stat increases damage done by attacks and abilities.
The Defence stat reduces incoming damage and can be affected by terrain.
The Accuracy stat increases a hero's chance to hit an enemy.
The Evasion stat increases a hero's chance to avoid attacks and can be affected by terrain.
The Movement determines how far a unit can move in a turn.
Some terrain like sand, ash, mountains, and forest, takes more movement to navigate.
Heroes will get stronger when they level up, but will not learn new abilities.